So you're very welcome to this section of the course in this lecture what I want to do is firstly talk
about why you won't be successful in a CEO unless you do keyword research.
And then secondly I want to give you an overview of a three step process to perform keyword research
to enable you to really find the low competition and high converting keywords.
And that will really set us up for the remaining lectures in this section.
So why is cuboid research really essential for you to if you want to be successful at RCO.
Well you've got to be a little bit strategic.
Firstly you want to make sure that you're not creating content and trying to build links around a keyword
that nobody is actually searching for.
So you'll be wasting your time unless you need some keyword research to confirm that.
Secondly you may be creating content or trying to build links around the key word there is just too
competitive.
There could be companies with teams of people trying to get to the top of the search results for that
.
So again you've got to be kind of strategic about it.
You've got to put some time into identifying where there's opportunities and then go after those opportunities
.
So now I want to give you an overview of the three steps to find the low competition high converting
keywords and this is really what we're going to be covering in the remainder of this section.
So firstly we want to brainstorm and build a list of 50 to 70 key word ideas and I can show you how
to do that in the next lecture using three different tools.
Secondly while we want to do is narrow down that list by assessing really is there search volume for
these keywords and we're going to use the Google Keyword planner tool.
And then finally we want to finalize our key word selection by assessing that competition.
Are we going to be able to compete for these key words and get to the top of the search results.
So that's an overview of the process what we're going to cover and the rest is section.
So let's get straight into it.